# Dreamer Events Cycle:
Round 1: All null values.

Round 1 Meeting Start: Create all buttons, hide buttons on dead players, the dreamer themselves, players with the insomnia modifier, and the player with the dream modifier.
Round 1 Meeting: Once player selected, set values for Dream Target, Dream Role, and Original Target Role. Then hide all meeting buttons so dreamer cant choose another target.
Round 1 Meeting End: Send RpcSetDreamTarget(Player, DreamRole, OriginalRole). Then set values for dream target, dream role, and original target role to null again.
-	RpcSetDreamTarget gives the target a Dream Modifier that contains the target’s original role and their current dream role. Essentially an information ticket tagged onto the player- helps store info about the player’s original role for reverting.

Round 2 Meeting End: For all targets with the dream modifier, check if the target’s dream role in their Dream modifier matches their current role. For all targets with the Insomnia modifier, check the round counter in the modifier and subtract 1 from each counter. Then check if any counter is == 0, if it is, then remove the insomnia modifier from the player.
-	If it doesn’t, there must have been some sort of role conversion during the round so the target will not be reverted back to their original role. 
-	If it does match, revert the target back to their original role according to the dream modifier, then remove the dream modifier and give the target the Insomnia modifier. The insomnia modifier will store the int of rounds of insomnia left according to the DreamerOptions.cs

Things to do!
-	Implement logic for multiple dreamers existing, idk if this will work as is. Things would get wonky if a player has two dream modifiers. Instead, maybe go back to an older plan- If a dreamer attempts to RpcSetDreamTarget to someone with a dream target already assigned a dream modifier, the dreamer attempting to set the dream will instead be blocked. Always prefers higher id numbered dreamer. Also if a player has a dream modifier assigned by dreamer1 then dreamer2 can see that the player is unable to be dreamed in the next meeting. Dream modifiers could maybe hold the identity of the dreamer who assigned the player (the dreamer’s player id) so that other dreamers will only disable players whose dream modifier says that its assigned by them, same with insomnia. Idk tho, idk how to handle this situation. If the dreamer dreams a person who was, say, insomniaced by another dreamer. Would the dreamer get a prompt to retry their dream or would their dream fail entirely?

-	Divani mentioned how this would ignore the setting for the Max Count of each role in the lobby. They suggested to make a setting where if toggled, the dreamer must follow the settings for max role count. I don’t really see why this is needed- Town of Extra’s Chief role is a role that assigns Sheriffs and breaks the role count. But I might as well figure this out later.
- - Roles already in game are removed from dream menu roles? No then that would be a dead giveaway to the roles already in play.
- - If the dreamer selects a role and if adding the role surpasses max role count, then don’t set the target as the role? Better idea, doesn’t give the dreamer the power to see all roles in play and makes dreaming much more of a gamble. The problem with this is that dreaming is already a gamble as much as it already is, not knowing whether your target is a crewmate or not. Really takes the power in a Crewmate Power role and turns it into mush 😐.
- - Combination of both? If the dreamer selects a role that is already at max role count, dreamer is notified and gets to try to dream again? Perhaps, but it kinda makes the dreamer part Crewmate Investigative because they can know if a certain role, for example sheriff if the max role count for sheriff is one, exists in the game. They can then just debunk peoples claims of being a sheriff who shot an evil player or smth like that. Kinda changes people’s usage of the ability.
- - So basically in order to check the role count in the game they get all players and then see how many have the role (ex. Swapper), keeping a variable for the number of that role in the game then comparing it to the max count (for the Swapper) in the options files. I think this actually works! Manually checking through all the roles in the game and getting the current number of the role/max possible number of the role.
- - - After thinking for a while there doesn’t seem to be an edge case because the dreamer constantly checks live for the number of players with the role in the game, meaning that after the player is converted and another dreamer does the same check in the same round the role count is updated!
-	Notifications (once I figure out how to add them. Like how do you choose who the notification shows up for???)

Known Flaws
-	The target will become dreamed only if the dreamer survives till the end of the meeting? Idk if this is true this isn’t actually a flaw this is good because it prevents the dreamer from doing one last dream before they get guessed out or smth.
